Jong Park
CS 312 - System Administration
Lab 4 - Arch Install in Virtual Box
4/22/2019
										Prelab

1. Did you go to the Reference Virtual Machines page on Canvas?
	Yes.

2. What is the name of the service you will use to allow your system to get an IP address?
	ip a

										Lab Questions
										
1) What are some differences between GPT and MBR-style partition tables? (3 points)
	Master Boot Records (MBR) uses the standard BIOS partition table (old style).
	GUID Partition Table (GPT) uses the new Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) (new).
	One advantage over GPT is that it can have more than 4 primary partitions.
	GPT can handle disks larger than 2 TB whereas MBR cant.
	GPT use replication and cyclical redundancy check (CRC) protection of the partition table.
	In GPT, platform operation data are located in partitions. 
	In MBR, platform operation data are located in unpartitioned or hidden sectors.
	
Source: 
1. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/disk-management/change-an-mbr-disk-into-a-gpt-disk
2. https://www.disk-partition.com/gpt-mbr/mbr-vs-gpt-1004.html

2) What are some differences between the EXT4 file system we partitioned our primary with, and the FAT32 filesystem that used to prevail? (3 points)
	FAT stands for File Allocation Table, and it was  made available in Windows 95 and 98. FAT32 is the upgraded version that supports 32-bit architecture and larger disks up to 2 TB. It is also limited to writing files smaller than 4GB. 
	
	Ext4 (Fourth Extended file system) is the current generation filesystem that Linux utilizes and are complete journaling filesystem that does not need defragmentation. It uses allocate-on-flush to boost performance for file checking. It is supported up to 1 EiB of storage and file size of 16 TiB.
	
	Advantage to having FAT32 filesystem is that it is compatible with any recent and obsolete operating systems. 
	Ext4 is only available in Linux filesystem and is only backwards compatible to Ext2 and Ext3, without external software/drivers. 
Source: https://www.geekboots.com/story/ntfs-vs-ext4-vs-fat32
	
3) Get the TAs initials, showing that you can ping a website or server on the internet. (25 points)



4) What is the IP address of your VM? (3 points)



5) What is the name of your ethernet adapter? (3 points)



6) What are three types of platforms other than “i386-pc” that grub-install can target? (3 points)
